Mild success can be explainable by skills and labor. Wild success is attributable to variance.
Reality is far more vicious than Russian roulette.
Heroes are heroes because they are heroic in behavior, not because they won or lost.
Do not mistake the probability of being right with the consequences of being wrong.
If you hear a 'prominent' economist using the word 'equilibrium,' or 'normal distribution,' do not argue with him; just ignore him, or try to put a rat down his shirt.
It is more difficult to be a loser in a game you set up yourself.
In Black Swan terms, this means that negative events have a higher informational content than positive ones.
Our minds are not quite designed to understand how the world works, but, rather, to get out of trouble rapidly and have progeny.
The problem with experts is that they do not know what they do not know.
The inability to predict outliers implies the inability to predict the course of history.
The three most harmful addictions are heroin, carbohydrates, and a monthly salary.
What we call here a Black Swan is an event with three attributes: outlier, extreme impact, and retrospective predictability.
I am most often irritated by those who attack the bishop but clearly have no understanding of the difference between a bishop and a knight.
History does not crawl; it jumps.
To be completely cured of newspapers, spend a year reading the previous week's newspapers.
Missing a train is only painful if you run after it!
The more you try to stay away from randomness, the more you expose yourself to it.
Never ask anyone for their opinion, forecast, or recommendation. Just ask them what they have—or don't have—in their portfolio.
In the financial markets, the wisdom of the crowd manifests itself in the most vicious of ways.
Mediocristan is where the ordinary is sizable and the extreme is ignorable. Extremistan is where the ordinary is negligible and the extreme is considerable.
You have the right to insult me. But you do not have the right to expect me to be insulted.
An idea starts to be interesting when you get scared of taking it to its logical conclusion.
The person you are most afraid to contradict is yourself.
Modern life's greatest scourge is not cancer or heart disease, but decision fatigue.
An expert is someone who avoids the small errors while sweeping on to the grand fallacy.
Philosophy is a way of talking about reality, not a way of manipulating reality.
A prophet is not someone with special visions, just someone blind to most of what others see.
You want to be rich and anonymous, not poor and famous.
To bankrupt a fool, give him information.
Wit seduces by signaling intelligence without nerdiness.
The antifragile loves randomness and uncertainty, which also means—a love of errors.
Wind extinguishes a candle and energizes fire. Likewise with randomness, uncertainty, chaos.
Some things benefit from shocks; they thrive and grow when exposed to volatility, randomness, disorder, and stressors.
The robustness of the system comes from the fragility of its components.
What Mother Nature does is rigorous until proven otherwise; what humans and science do is flawed until proven otherwise.
Education makes the wise slightly wiser, but it makes the fool vastly more dangerous.
Simplification is a way of life for the antifragile, everything that is complex is not useful.
Don't tell me what you 'think,' just tell me what's in your portfolio.
The difference between slaves in Roman and Ottoman days and today's employees is that slaves did not need to flatter their boss.
The best way to verify that you are alive is by checking if you like variations.
If you have the rewards, you must also get the risks. Not just the financial risks but, more important, the risks of harm to others.
The curse of modernity is that we are increasingly populated by a class of people who are better at explaining than understanding.
You will never fully convince someone that he is wrong; only reality can.
Journalism is the art of intellectual prostitution.
In academia, there is no difference between academia and the real world; in the real world, there is.
